I would also like to talk about the external resources.
And while we're at it we're all going to look at the head allotment and the many attacks that I promised
you in the beginning.
Now two really good resources are going to be Mozilla Development Network and the easiest way to search
it again would be just going to Google and you can just type the end.
Now with Mozilla Development Network it is really good.
However I think that you'll probably gonna start using it once you are already somewhat comfortable
with HP email or any kind of technology because while the documentation is really good they need is
also very extensive.
So let's say first of all if you would like to go back there we can always have an option of searching
right.
So we have an option of searching let's say email in our case and then we have an option for documentation.
So in our case we would like to select the email then within the email we need to start navigating to
wherever we would like research.
So let's say we're gonna be looking for H name or tutorial or you can have the Asian email documentation
or Mozilla develop and airport and in my case let's just click on the tutorial now and editorial notice.
We're gonna have all these options where on the left hand side they right away give you the CSX but
if in the beginning you would just like to understand everything about the email then this is where
you're gonna be doing research whether that's going to be multiple media and embedding what images in
the email or let's say the head element in the email.
Now a little bit more user friendly especially in the beginning would be W3 schools where again you
would just search it in Google for W3 schools and once we click on it obviously there's bunch of tutorials
available to us.
Now again in our case we will gonna select each email since this is what we're covering.
And then within the email let's go ahead and let's find the h the email header element and now we can
start reading everything that there raised about it.
So like I said this would be a container for metadata so data about the actual site and that would be
placed within the head element obviously and the metadata is not going to be displayed.
Now there is going to be tags let's say for the title and we are covered.
Title title would be for the page title but then later on as we're gonna be working with style sheets
we're also going to work with style tags as well as linking the style sheets so linking the CSX as well
as we have an option for JavaScript.
Now there's always gonna be mad attacks and for the mad attacks and again this would be the title and
as you can see you can read everything that there is about title then the style element would be for
styling.
Like I said style element we're gonna cover in the scene as this link is going to be linking to the
external style sheet and then we have the metro element now in the metro arm and you have multiple options.
Let's say we have characters.
Now if we're going back and checking our basic setup with an name and we noticed that our first murder
attack would be character set.
So this answers what is meant attack is doing then also we have an option let's say for a description.
So again the syntax would be matter.
Then we have the name and not because that wouldn't be description.
And then here would place the content.
Now the same old spiel would be for the keywords if we were not keywords author in the bottom we have
the viewport meditating that explains how the viewport murder attack is going to work.
So you viewport medal tag allows us or allows our pages to be responsible.
So again if we're going to head over back to our basic setup with them and will notice that we already
have the Newport tag that sets up the width properly and that way our page is gonna be responsive.
So again if you'd like to research more information but anything that we talked about it this is a very
good resource as well as Mozilla developer network.